We’re initiating TanStack Query integration to handle async data across the visitor lifecycle — from first site load through checkout and dashboard access. Zustand will be replaced entirely.
Tanstack is installed and ready, and _app.tsx has wrapped the app in the query client provider.
JWT is installed and ready.
Your job is to stay scoped. Don’t touch layout or styling. Don’t break flow logic elsewhere. We’ll guide specific changes step-by-step — for now, just review and orient yourself.
Framing
We're implementing a structured soft-auth system with visitor UUID + JWT. This is not session-based auth. No Supabase setSession or auth.user is used. JWT is used only for secure fetches, stored in localStorage.
There are two paths:
Case A: Returning visitor with valid UUID + JWT
Case B: New visitor — create UUID, send to backend, receive JWT
Later, contact info may be submitted and merged.
We’re implementing this in modular stages. Each stage should work independently and be verifiable via console logs before continuing. No premature optimization, no unrequested coupling.
Do not implement yet, review the relevant parts of the codebase so you are ready to implement, i will provide prompts for modular implementation


i will define the modules so you can forget your plan for modular implementation, just keep in mind the framing i gave you
module 1
Implement the first stage of our soft auth flow: visitor ID handling.
On first app load:
Check localStorage for an existing visitor_id.
If found, store it in memory state (via context or hook).
If not found, generate a new UUID and store it in memory only — do not write to localStorage yet.
Console logs:
🆕 No visitor_id found in storage — generated new one: <id>
✅ Found existing visitor_id in localStorage: <id>
Scope this only to visitor ID logic. Do not handle JWTs, backend calls, or Supabase.
Use global patterns — no hardcoding in components.
be very smart about where we place console logs, as in, put an additional one in the hook, letting us know what we have in there





so we want an initial visit data flow
If it does, you're done for now — they’ve been here before.
If not, you're generating a new UUID, saving it locally, and creating a matching anonymous Visitor record in the DB:
name, email, phone are null
cart is empty
last_updated is now

In dev terms: it's a one-time background mutation that ensures every visitor has a tracked identity from their first visit — without needing login or email.



Initial Visit (Fresh Browser)

Case A
1) Check localStorage
   if (!uuid || !jwt) → proceed to Case B
   else
   Step 1: Load UUID and JWT from localStorage
   Step 2: Use JWT to fetch full visitor record from DB visitors table (id, name, email, phone, cart)
   	If valid and not expired → trust, go to Step 3
	If JWT invalid → clear localStorage, restart soft auth (go to Case B)
   Step 3: Hydrate client (contact info, cart, etc.)
   Done — visitor is fully soft authed

Case B
1) Generate UUID
    Store in memory (not yet in localStorage)
2) Send UUID to backend
   Backend inserts new anonymous visitor
3) Issues JWT tied to this UUID
4) Receive JWT
   Store UUID + JWT in localStorage
   Update in-memory state
5) Visitor now has soft-auth identity
   Cart and gated features are ready
6) Done, wait for user (trigger defined below)

Case B on Wait Action for Trigger
When User Submits Contact Info
Step 1: POST contact info + current UUID to backend
Step 2: Server checks for existing visitor with matching contact info
     If found:
     	Merge current UUID into that visitor record
	Return new JWT + resolved UUID
     If not found:
       	Update current visitor with contact info
	Return updated JWT (optional)
Step 3: Replace local UUID + JWT with resolved values
4) Done. Soft auth complete, securely linked

Case B Trigger
1) User clicks the cart icon
2) Popup displayed with fields to collect contact info
3) User clicks submit sending contact info
4) Done. Run Case B Action for Trigger.